catapulta, Arma
judoca, Atleta
venza, Cidade
vôlei de praia, Esporte
ameba, Animal unicelular
periquito, Animail
tapioca, Comida
fogueira, Esquenta
pamonha, Comida
capivara, Animal
cafeteira, Eletrodoméstico
advogado, Profissão
alambique, Equipamento
alcachofra, Vegetal
algarismo, Matemática
almanaque, Folheto
almofariz, Utensílio
almoxarifado, Lugar
alquimia, Ciência
altivo, Digno
amendoim, Alimento
amnésia, Comorbidade
amplificar, Aumentar
ampulheta, Instrumento
ansioso, Sensação
aplaudir, Aprovar
ascensão, Subir
asterisco, Português
atlas, Ciência
balacobaco, Expressão
bandolim, Instrumento
barulhento, Sonoro
basquetebol, Esporte
batráquio, Biologia
beneficente, Atitude
berimbau, Instrumento
bicarbonato, Química
brusquidão, Caráter
bugiganga, Objeto
bumerangue, Vai e volta
burocracia, Administração
caatinga, Bioma
cacareco, Objeto
cacto, Vegetal
calibrado, Afiado
camuflagem, Disfarce
candelabro, Obeto
cassetete, Arma
catalisador, Química
catequizar, Religião
cérebro, Biologia
chamariz, Atrativo
cicatriz, Lesão
cleptomaníaco, Distúrbio
coincidência, Igualdade
companhia, Junto
condescender, Tolerar
consciente, Acordade
crepúsculo, Amanhecer
cronologia, Temporalidade
deglutir, Engolir
depredar, Vandalizar
destruído, Acabado
diapasão, Música
digladiar, Lutar
diretriz, Esboço
dobradiça, Objeto
ecossistema, Biologia
embaixador, Profissão
empecilho, Barreira
entretido, Divertido
entrevista, Televisão
envernizar, Marcenaria
enxaqueca, Dor
enxerido, Xereta
escangalhado, Danificado
escaravelho, Inseto
escombro, Ruína
esculacho, Bronca
esfirra, Alimento
espinafre, Alimento
esplendor, Brilho
estapafúrdio, Bizarro
estetoscópio, Medicina
excêntrico, Diferente
excepcional, Incrível
faniquito, Siricotico
fascículo, Capítulo
flexível, Elástico
frustrado, Malogrado
gargantilha, Enfeite
glândula, Biologia
glicerina, Química
glorioso,Vencedor
gnomo, Fantasia
grampeador, Objeto
hamster, Animal
helicóptero, Transporte
hemisfério, Geografia
herdeiro, Rico
hermético, Selado
hierarquia, Ordem
hieróglifo, Escrita
hipocrisia, Falsidade
idolatrada, Adorada
imbróglio, Confusão
inexorável, Inflexível
inflamado, Machucado
influência, Incentivo
insignificância, Pequeneza
interruptor, Objeto
invertebrado, Biologia
iogurte, Alimento
irascível, Raivoso
lantejoula, Enfeite
licenciado, Autorizado
losango, Matemática
madrasta, Família
magnético, Física
manteigueira, Objeto
marimbondo, Animal
mesclar, Misturar
meteorologia, Geografia
mexerica, Alimento
micróbio, Biologia
microfone, Objeto
microscópio, Instrumento
milionário, Rico
mordaz, Corrosivo
nebulizador, Objeto
oscilação, Varição
paralisado, Imobilizado
pedágio, Passagem
pernóstico, Afetado
perturbar, Abalar
piripaque, Mal-estar
plissado, Dobras
pneumático, Física
pneumonia, Comorbidade
poliomielite, Doença
potiguar, Geografia
prescindir, Dispensar
presságio, Agouro
privilégio, Vantagem
prodígio, Habilidoso
prostração, Aiar
prurido, Coceira
psicanálise, Medicina
psicólogo, Profissão
quadriciclo, Transporte
quádruplo, Matemática
quinquilharia, Tranqueira
reciclar, Reutilizar
reflorescer, Biologia
reivindicar, Lutar
rescindir, Anular
retrógrado, Atrasado
retrovisor, Objeto
ritmo, Música
seborreia, Doença
sensatez, Equilíbrio
serelepe, Alegre
serpentina, Objeto
simplório, Característica
simulacro, Imitação
sincrônico. Junto
sobrevivente, Salvo
subsídio, Incentivo
supérfluo, Desncessário
suscetível, Influenciável
termômetro, Instrumento
torácico, Medicina
travesseiro, Objeto
trilogia, Conjunto
universidade, Lugar
vangloriar, Enaltecer
vaporizador, objeto
ventilador, Objeto
xilindró, Preso
ziguezague, Curvo
ziquizira, Má sorte
zodíaco, Astrologia
zumbido, Som
